Added markdown format docs (#45651)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/interfaces/formats.md

│ 3 │
└───┘
```

## Markdown {#markdown}

> You can export results using [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) format to use the output in `.md` files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export results using [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) format to generate output ready to be pasted into your `.md` files:
```

Author: This reads better, thanks :)
